Update CONTRIBUTING.rst (#7270)
networkx/networkx: CONTRIBUTING.rst

         # Test your installation
         pytest --pyargs networkx

>    * Finally, we recommend you use a pre-commit hook, which runs ruff when

Reviewer: Rather than call out the specific tools, it might be better to replace this with a more general statement, like "which ensures all code is linted and formatted correctly".

Author: Or maybe even more generally, "Finally, we recommend you use a pre-commit hook, which is useful to ensure your contribution will pass some of our CI."

That way if you decide to add more to the pre-commit-config.yaml you'll be less likely to need an update here again.

Reviewer 2: > Or maybe even more generally, "Finally, we recommend you use a pre-commit hook, which is useful to ensure your contribution will pass some of our CI."

Sounds good!

Reviewer 2: Ah wait, I think maybe just `will pass our CI`?

Author: I can modify it if you'd like, but I meant *"some"* since pre-commit typically isn't used to cover *all* of CI (i.e. tests).

Reviewer: At the risk of bike-shedding, I'd actually advocate for the original wording I proposed. The reasons being:
 1. Some contributors may not know what CI is, and those that do may not have the full context to understand the statement. I wouldn't want to send folks down rabbit holes or make them unsure.
 2. `pre-commit` is not only used as a git hook, but is also the primary interface to the formatting and linting for the project and is used outside of the commit-hook context. For example, see step 4 of the development workflow, where contributors can run linting/formatting on the entire codebase with `pre-commit run --all-files`.

Author: Okay. I guess just let me know what the consensus is and I'll update it.

         # Test your installation
         pytest --pyargs networkx

>    * Finally, we recommend you use a pre-commit hook, which is useful
>      to ensure your contribution will pass some of our CI each time
>      you run ``git commit``::

Reviewer 3: Just to make things more confusing -- here's another attempt at wording.
```suggestion
   * Finally, we recommend you install pre-commit which checks
     that your code matches formatting guidelines::
```
